Mapping Glossary copy editing for consistency and standardization (#308)
bsmg/wiki: wiki/mapping/glossary.md

| **Face Puncher** | [Block](#b) placement that consists of one or two diagonal up blocks crossed over into the extreme opposite [Lane](#l). Many players will overswing trying to reach the blocks and end up punching their HMD.  <details><summary>**Example Image**</summary>![Picture of face puncher](~@images/mapping/facepuncher.png)</details> |
| **Face Wall** | A [Wall](#wxyz) occupying one of the two center [Lanes](#l). Also known as [Dodge Walls](#d). <details><summary>**Example Image**</summary>![Picture of face wall](~@images/mapping/facewall.jpg)</details> |
| **Fake Wall** | A [Wall](#wxyz) with a negative width value, making it harmless to the player. |
| **Fast Wall** | A [Wall](#wxyz) with a negative duration value greater than the map's [Half Jump Duration](#h) that appears to move past the player at a faster speed than normal walls, but at a slower speed than a [Hyper Wall](#h). |

> | **First Person Flying Control** | A launch option available to SteamVR and Oculus users to launch Beat Saber with limited keyboard and mouse control over the game in a first person view. Very helpful for getting an accurate preview of [Lighting](#l) or [Walls](#wxyz), or accessing the official [Editor](#e). Abbreviated as [FPFC](#f). |

Reviewer: FPFC means First Person Flying Controll**er**.

| **Inner Ring** | A small ring around the [Track](#t) found in some in-game [Environments](#e). |
| **Invert** | [Blocks](#b) pointing inwards from the outside requiring a larger pre-swing to hit. <details><summary>**Example Image**</summary>![Picture of invert](~@images/mapping/invert.png)</details> |

## JK
| Term&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; | Definition |
| - | :- |
| **.json File** | The text file containing most content for a certain difficulty or song info in the old 1.0 song format. It contains JSON format with a different structure to [.dat Files](#d), and a different file extension. This file format is used for both song info and for map content. See also: [Difficulty File](#d), [Info File](#i). |
| **JSON Wall** | A style of mapping requiring the mod [Mapping Extensions](#m), in which the mapper can be extremely creative with non-standard [Wall](#wxyz) types and sizes. Not recommended for novice mappers. |

> | **Jump** | A [Pattern](#p) that moves across multiple [Columns](#l) horizontally or [Rows](#r) vertically in rapid succession. This pattern is not recommended below 1/2 [Precision](#p), especially at high [Tempos](#t). The faster the jumps are, the more difficult they are to execute. See also: [Jump Stream](#jk). <details><summary>**Example Image**</summary>![Picture of jump](~@images/mapping/jump.jpg)</details> |

Reviewer: Columns should link to \#c.

> This pattern is not recommended below 1/2 [Precision](#p), especially at high [Tempos](#t). The faster the jumps are, the more difficult they are to execute.

After reading this again, this part seems pretty dated now. Might be worth removing.

Author: Agreed, the definition feels more precise without the added difficulty warning as well.

| **Lefty Stream** | A straight [Stream](#s) where each pair of successive [Notes](#n) going in the same direction starts with the left hand. See also: [Righty Stream](#r). <details><summary>**Example Image**</summary>![Picture of lefty stream](~@images/mapping/lefty-stream.jpg)</details> |
| **Lighting** | A collective term for all of the lighting events and options available to mappers. A map is not considered complete without some form of lighting. See also: [Event](#e). |
| **Lighting Track** | The area in most map editors where [Lighting](#l) events are placed. See also: [Track](#t). |
| **Lightshow Mode** | A map characteristic where there are no [Blocks](#b), only [Lighting](#l). This mode is not part of the base game and requires the [SongCore](#s) mod. |
| **Loloppe Notes** | Two same-direction [Blocks](#b) placed side-by-side such that hitting both blocks requires abusing the block [Hitbox](#h). Named after the mapper who made them famous. <details><summary>**Example Image**</summary>![Picture of loloppe notes](~@images/mapping/loloppe.png)</details> |

## M
| Term&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; | Definition |
| - | :- |

> | **Map Blindness** | A condition that may occur when a mapper has spent so much time on a map. You know the patterns, you know your intentions, and you've self-tested it so many times. Eventually, muscle memory and your subconscious kick in, and you can play the map with your eyes closed, regardless of flaws. See also: [Playtest](#t). |

Reviewer: Playtest should link to \#p.

| **Mapping Extensions** | A mod developed by Kyle1314 that allows mappers to access a number of unique utilities for advanced mapping. See also: [JSON Walls](#jk), [Precision Placement](#p), [Precision Rotation](#p). |
| **Mediocre Map Assistant 2** | A new fork of [Mediocre Mapper](#m) by Assistant. This is the primary map [Editor](#e) used by the mapping community. |
| **Mediocre Mapper** | An outdated [Editor](#e), developed by squeaksies as a fork of the original EditSaber editor by Ikiewa. No longer in public development or supported by its author, it has been forked to created [Mediocre Map Assistant 2](#m). |

> | **Mine** | A [Block](#b) that looks like a spiky circle that damages the player if their saber touches it. It is safe for a bomb to pass through the player’s body. Also known as [Bomb](#b). |

Reviewer: Suggest using mine in the definition of mine instead of bomb.
```suggestion
| **Mine** | A [Block](#b) that looks like a spiky circle that damages the player if their saber touches it. It is safe for a mine to pass through the player’s body. Also known as [Bomb](#b). |
```

| **Overmapping** | Using multiple [Notes](#n) with different time values to represent a single sound. This does not apply to the extra notes in [Sliders](#s). |

## P
| Term&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; | Definition |
| - | :- |
| **Parity** | The mathematical term describing the "group" a [Block](#b) belongs to. Within the context of Beat Saber, this refers to the [Forehand](#f) and [Backhand](#b) nature of a block. |
| **Pattern** | A generic name for a sequence of [Blocks](#b). |
| **Paul** | A sequence of inline [Blocks](#b) of the same direction placed at very high [Precision](#p). This forces the player to hit the sequence with a slow continuous swing. This [Pattern](#p) is very difficult to score well on. <details><summary>**Example Image**</summary>![Picture of paul](~@images/mapping/paul.jpg)</details> |
| **Piano Stream** | A sequence of alternating color and direction [Blocks](#b) that progresses horizontally across [Lanes](#l) on the [Track](#t). <details><summary>**Example Image**</summary>![Picture of piano stream](~@images/mapping/pianostream.png)</details> |

> | **Pickle** | A [Pattern](#p) where a red and blue [Note](#n) are on opposite-handed sides and are hit simultaneously in opposite directions. Also known as [Pickle](#p). See also: [Crossover Scissor](#s). <details><summary>**Example Image**</summary>![Picture of pickle](~@images/mapping/arm-tangle-alt.png)</details> |

Reviewer: A pickle is indeed also known as a pickle.
Also Crossover Scissor should link to \#c.

```suggestion
| **Pickle** | A [Pattern](#p) where a red and blue [Note](#n) are on opposite-handed sides and are hit simultaneously in opposite directions. See also: [Crossover Scissor](#c). <details><summary>**Example Image**</summary>![Picture of pickle](~@images/mapping/arm-tangle-alt.png)</details> |
```

Author: Repetition for emphasis, hah!

Changed the Pickle definition to "Also known as [Crossover Scissor](#c). See also: [Scissor](#s)."

| **ScoreSaber** | The organization responsible for managing the ranked Beat Saber leaderboards. The Beat Saber leaderboards website can be found [here](https://scoresaber.com/). See also: [Performance Points](#p). |
| **Setup** | The process of maneuvering the player's arms into position for a [Pattern](#p) via appropriate placement of the preceding [Blocks](#b). |
| **Single** | A single [Block](#b) hit with one saber. Typically makes up the majority of [Patterns](#p) in a map. See also: [Double](#d). |
| **Single BPM** | A song with a consistent [BPM](#b) from start to finish with no variation. Also known as [Fixed BPM](#f). See also: [Variable BPM](#uv). |
| **Sliders** | A series of same-colored [Dot Blocks](#d) or [Arrow Blocks](#a) spaced close enough together for the player to sweep the saber through in one motion. Placed at a [Precision](#p) of 1/12 or faster. <details><summary>**Example Image**</summary>![Picture of sliders](~@images/mapping/sliders.png)</details> |

> | **SongCore** | A mod developed by Kyle1314 for handling custom song additions in Beat Saber. |

Reviewer: Got the wrong numbers here. It's Kyle1413.

Author: Good catch! I copied the name from the Mapping Extensions entry... which also got it wrong, heh. I'll fix both.
